nasdaq.com/24-hour-trading-hub 1
Nasdaq global trading hours
Frequently Asked Questions
What are global trading hours?
To meet rising demand for U.S. equities across the globe, Nasdaq is engaging with regulators to offer nearly continuous trading 23 
hours a day, 5 days a week, on the Nasdaq Stock Market. This expanded trading schedule will include a new trading session from 
9 p.m. to 4 a.m. ET, together with Nasdaq’s current extended trading hours from 4 a.m. to 9:30 a.m. ET and 4 p.m. to 8 p.m. ET, 
enabling issuers to more efficiently attract capital from across the globe while enabling investors to broaden access and expand 
wealth-building opportunities.
The U.S. trading hours, from 9:30 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. ET and marked by the Opening and Closing Crosses, will continue to set the 
prices to drive investor transparency across all hours of market operation.
What changes can I expect as an investor?
Subject to SEC approval, Nasdaq will introduce a new trading session on the Nasdaq Stock Market from 9 p.m. to 4 a.m. ET. 
Trading will commence at 9 p.m. ET on Sunday evening and conclude at 8 p.m. ET on Friday evening with a 1-hour industry-wide 
trading pause from 8 p.m. to 9 p.m. ET daily to allow for processing and transition to the next trade date.
When will the new session be available on Nasdaq?
The industry’s transition to a 23-hour trading day is currently expected to occur on Sunday, December 6, 2026, pending SIP 
readiness as well as any applicable SEC rule changes. 
How will the existing Nasdaq Stock Market trading hours be impacted?
Currently the Nasdaq stock market operates from 4:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. ET. There will be no substantive change to current 
functionality or operations during this time frame.
Will other Nasdaq exchanges support the adjusted operating schedule?
No, Nasdaq Texas (NTX) and PSX equity exchanges will continue to operate on their current schedules; NTX: 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. ET 
and PSX: 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET. Nasdaq options exchanges will also continue to operate on their current schedules.
How will trade date and settlement be affected?
 թ 9:00 p.m. to Midnight: Trades will be reported with the next calendar day’s trade date. 
 թ Midnight to 8:00 p.m.: Trades will be reported with the current day’s trade date.
Settlement terms will be based on trade date as they are today.
nasdaq.com/24-hour-trading-hub 2
Will Nasdaq be available for trading on US exchange holidays?
Yes, if a holiday falls between Monday and Thursday, trading will commence at 9 p.m. ET on the holiday evening. For example, if 
Monday is a US exchange holiday, trading will begin at 9 p.m. ET on Monday and continue until 8 p.m. ET on Tuesday.
Order Handling from 9 p.m. – 4 a.m. ET
How will Members participate?
In order to participate, members will need to order new ports for order entry between 9 p.m. to 4 a.m. ET. There will be no changes 
to current operations between 4:00 a.m. and 8:00 p.m. ET. The following protocols will be available between 9 p.m. and 4 a.m. ET; 
OUCH 5, Core FIX, and FIX.
What happens to open orders at 4 a.m. ET?
All orders entered between 9 p.m. and 4 a.m. ET that are outstanding in the system at 4 a.m. ET will be cancelled at that time. 
Orders can be re-entered at 4 a.m. ET in the subsequent session.
Will order routing be available?
Yes, routable orders will be accepted between 9 p.m. and 4 a.m. ET.
What order types will be available?
All order types that are permitted to trade 4 a.m. - 9:30 a.m. ET will be accepted 9 p.m. - 4 a.m. ET.
The following order types will not be available before 4 a.m. ET:
 թ Supplemental
 թ Market Peg
 թ Market Maker Peg
 թ Market On Open
 թ Limit on Open
 թ Opening Imbalance Only
 թ Market on Close
 թ Limit on Close
 թ Imbalance-Only
Market Protections from 9 p.m.-4 a.m. ET
Will Equities Risk Checks be available?
Yes, Nasdaq will offer Equities Risk Checks through both API and WorkX.
What market protections will be in place?
Subject to SEC approval, Exchanges will reject orders that exceed static price bands. Listing markets will calculate the static price 
bands that will be disseminated by the SIP.
nasdaq.com/24-hour-trading-hub 3
What reference price will be used for the bands?
Subject to SEC approval, the proposed bands will be based on the listing market’s adjusted Official Closing Price (“OCP”) and the 
adjusted last Round Lot sale prior to 7:45 p.m. ET
How will bands be calculated?
Subject to SEC approval, the proposed upper band value will be 20% higher than the greater of the reference prices while the lower 
band value will be 20% lower than the lesser of the reference prices. Band values will be a minimum of $3.00 from the reference 
price or $1.00 for stocks with an OCP <$1.00.
How will corporate actions and dividends be handled?
Pending SEC approval, certain corporate actions and dividends will be effective when trading commences at 9 p.m. ET. Certain 
corporate actions and distributions as described in the rule will be halted before 9 p.m. ET on the day immediately preceding the 
effective date and resumed at 8 a.m. ET on the effective date. Nasdaq will send a Trade Halt Code of ‘M1’ to denote Corporate 
Action.
Corporate Actions and Distributions that would remain halted until 8 a.m. ET:
 թ Symbol and/or CUSIP Change
 թ Dividends equal to or greater than 25% of the prior Nasdaq Official Closing Price
 թ Forward and Reverse Splits
 թ De-SPACs
 թ Spin-offs
 թ Security type change (e.g. preferred to common)
 թ Merger/Mandatory exchange
 թ Any other corporate action/event where the Exchange determines a halt is necessary for fair/orderly markets, investor 
protection, or the public interest
Market Data
How will market data be affected?
Trading activity between 9 p.m. and 4 a.m. ET will be disseminated on separate ITCH market data feed. Additionally, Nasdaq 
is introducing new “Plus” versions of its flagship market data products, designed to deliver broader coverage today and scale 
naturally over time as trading hours expand. These products will incorporate data from additional Nasdaq owned exchanges, 
specifically Nasdaq PSX and Nasdaq Texas, and are designed to support the future 23 hour trading environment. All products are 
pending SEC review.
What products are included in Nasdaq Plus Suite?
Nasdaq Last Sale Plus
Nasdaq Last Sale Plus has delivered consolidated trade reporting since 2010. It provides continuous last sale reporting across 
Nasdaq sessions and markets, supporting analytics, surveillance, and downstream systems that require uninterrupted trade data 
throughout the coming 23-hour trading day.
nasdaq.com/24-hour-trading-hub 4
Nasdaq Basic (BBO) Plus
Nasdaq Basic Plus delivers best bid and offer visibility across all trading hours, allowing clients to maintain a consistent BBO view 
as markets operate nearly around the clock. Clients can access both a consolidated view across Nasdaq’s exchanges and deeper 
order level insights when needed.
Nasdaq TotalView® Plus
Nasdaq TotalView Plus delivers depth of book data across the 23-hour trading day by integrating:
 թ Nasdaq US and Global Session Depth
 թ Nasdaq PSX depth
 թ Nasdaq Texas depth
All order book data is delivered through a single, consolidated connection, simplifying consumption for trading and display 
applications.
© Copyright 2026. All rights reserved. Nasdaq is a registered trademark of Nasdaq, Inc. 0953-26