Nasdaq Listing Center
My Nasdaq Analyst
Every Nasdaq-listed company has a dedicated Listing Qualifications Analyst.  Get to know them! They are available to answer your questions, Monday through Friday between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. ET.
My Nasdaq Analyst
Every Nasdaq-listed company has a dedicated Listing Qualifications Analyst.  Get to know them! They are available to answer your questions, Monday through Friday between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. ET.
Session Expiring!
Your current session will expire in
.
Please save your updates by clicking the Save for Later button located at the bottom of your form.
OK
Home
Listing - US
Listing Information
Continued Listing Guide
Initial Listing Guide
SPAC Listing Guide
Listing Exchange Traded Products
Listing of Additional Shares Guide
Listing on Nasdaq
Preview Applications and Forms
Required Notifications
Symbol Reservation Requests
Reference Library
Library Quick Start Guide
FAQs - Listings
Listing Council Decisions
Staff Interpretation Letters
Search Library
Investor Information
FINRA Investor Complaint Center
Issues Pending Suspension or Delisting
Nasdaq.com
Noncompliant Companies
Penny Stock List
Form 19b-4(e) ETP Disclosures
Other Online Resources
Contact Us
Electronic Disclosure
Governance News + Insights
Listing Rules
Nasdaq Trader
Rules and Regulation
Rulebook Advanced Search
Market Regulation - US
Regulatory Information
Investigations and Enforcement
Reference Library
Library Quick Start Guide
FAQs - Market Regulation
Search Library
Other Online Resources
Contact Us
Nasdaq Trader
Rule Manuals
BSECC
Nasdaq Texas
GEMX
ISE
MRX
Nasdaq
SCCP
Rulebook Advanced Search
.
Disciplinary Actions
Industry Regulators
SEC
FINRA
CFTC
NFA
Listing - Nordics
Listing Resources
Quick Start Guide
Going Public - Listing on First North Growth Market
Frequently Asked Questions
Preview Applications and Forms
Rules and Regulations
Contact Us
BSECC
|
GEMX
|
ISE
|
MRX
|
Nasdaq
|
NFX
|
Nasdaq Texas
|
PHLX
|
SCCP
Search in
All
BSECC
GEMX
ISE
MRX
Nasdaq
NASDAQTX
PHLX
SCCP
Rule text only
Rule filings only
Both
Search
Print
|
Copy Link
|
Home
&gt;
&gt;
Nasdaq Equity 1
Versions:
Select
04/15/2026
04/14/2026
08/21/2025
05/29/2025
05/26/2025
12/18/2020
09/23/2020
07/01/2020
03/31/2020
Equity 1 Equity Definitions
Section 1 Equity Definitions
(a) When used in the Equity Rules, unless the context otherwise requires:
(1) "
Customer
" The term "customer" shall not include a broker or dealer.
(2)
“Security”
Unless the context requires otherwise, the term “security” shall mean a “security,” as that term is defined in section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that is either listed on the Exchange or traded on the Exchange pursuant to unlisted trading privileges.  A security may be traded in the Nasdaq Market Center in either traditional form (a digital representation of ownership and rights, but without utilizing distributed ledger (“blockchain” technology)) or, for the duration and under the terms of a pilot program operated by the Depository Trust Company (“DTC”), in tokenized form (a digital representation of ownership and rights which utilizes blockchain technology).  Under the terms of a Securities and Exchange Commission No-Action Letter issued to DTC, dated December 11, 2025, only a subset of securities traded on Nasdaq will be eligible for trading in tokenized form (“DTC Eligible Securities”).  Nasdaq will publish Equity Trader Alerts periodically to identify for DTC Eligible Participants (as that term is defined in Equity 4, Rule 4756(a)(5)) a current list of those DTC Eligible Securities that may trade in tokenized form on the Exchange. A share of a tokenized DTC Eligible Security shall be tradable in the Nasdaq Market Center together with, on the same Order Book as, and with the same execution priority as, its traditional counterpart, but only if the tokenized security is fungible with, shares the same CUSIP number with and trading symbol, and affords its shareholders the same rights and privileges as does a share of an equivalent class of the traditional security.
(3) The term "
Nasdaq Market Center
," or "
System
" shall mean the automated system for order execution and trade reporting owned and operated by The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC. The Nasdaq Market Center comprises:
(A) a montage for Quotes and Orders, referred to herein as the "Nasdaq Book", that collects and ranks all Quotes and Orders submitted by Participants;
(B) an Order execution service that enables Participants to automatically execute transactions in System Securities; and provides Participants with sufficient monitoring and updating capability to participate in an automated execution environment;
(C) a trade reporting service that submits "locked-in" trades for clearing to a registered clearing agency for clearance and settlement; transmits last-sale reports of transactions automatically to the National Trade Reporting System, if required, for dissemination to the public and industry; and provides participants with monitoring and risk management capabilities to facilitate participation in a "locked-in" trading environment; and
(D) data feeds that can be used to display with attribution to Participants' MPIDs all Quotes and Displayed Orders on both the bid and offer side of the market for all price levels then within the Nasdaq Market Center, and that disseminate such additional information about Quotes, Orders, and transactions within the Nasdaq Market Center as shall be reflected in the Nasdaq Rules.
(4) The term "
System Securities
" shall mean (A) all securities listed on Nasdaq and (B) all securities subject to the Consolidated Tape Association Plan and the Consolidated Quotation Plan except securities specifically excluded from trading via a list of excluded securities posted on www.nasdaqtrader.com.
(5) The term "
Participant
" shall mean an entity that fulfills the obligations contained in Equity 2, Section 3 regarding participation in the System, and shall include:
(A) "
Nasdaq ECNs
," members that meet all of the requirements of Equity 2, Section 14, and that participates in the System with respect to one or more System Securities.
(B) "
Nasdaq Market Makers
" or "
Market Makers
", members that are registered as Nasdaq Market Makers for purposes of participation in the System on a fully automated basis with respect to one or more System securities.
(C) "
Order Entry Firms
," members that are registered as Order Entry Firms for purposes of entering orders in System Securities into the System. This term shall also include any Electronic Communications Network or Alternative Trading System (as such terms are defined in Regulation NMS) that fails to meet all the requirements of Equity 2, Section 14.
(6) The term "
Quote
" means a single bid or offer quotation submitted to the System by a Market Maker or Nasdaq ECN and designated for display (price and size) next to the Participant's MPID in the Nasdaq Book. Quotes are entered in the form of Orders with Attribution (as defined in Rule 4703). Accordingly, all Quotes are also Orders.
(7) The term "
Order
" means an instruction to trade a specified number of shares in a specified System Security submitted to the Nasdaq Market Center by a Participant. An "Order Type" is a standardized set of instructions associated with an Order that define how it will behave with respect to pricing, execution, and/or posting to the Nasdaq Book when submitted to Nasdaq. An "Order Attribute" is a further set of variable instructions that may be associated with an Order to further define how it will behave with respect to pricing, execution, and/or posting to the Nasdaq Book when submitted to Nasdaq. The available Order Types and Order Attributes, and the Order Attributes that may be associated with particular Order Types, are described in Rules 4702 and 4703. One or more Order Attributes may be assigned to a single Order; provided, however, that if the use of multiple Order Attributes would provide contradictory instructions to an Order, the System will reject the Order or remove non-conforming Order Attributes.
(8) The term "
ET
" means Eastern Standard Time or Eastern Daylight Time, as applicable.
(9) The term "System Hours" means the 23-hour time period beginning at 9:00 p.m. ET on one calendar day and ending at 8:00 p.m. ET (or such earlier time as may be designated by Nasdaq on a day when Nasdaq closes early) on the next calendar day for the period from Sunday at 9:00 p.m. ET through Friday at 8:00 p.m. ET in accordance with definitions of Day Session (including the Pre-Market Hours, Regular Market Hours, and Post-Market Hours) and Night Session.
Nasdaq notes that in certain contexts, times cited in the Nasdaq Rules may be approximate. For example, for a System Security in which the Nasdaq Opening Cross occurs, the first transactions executed during Regular Market Hours will occur in the Nasdaq Opening Cross. However, because Nasdaq Opening Crosses for different System Securities occur sequentially rather than simultaneously, the first Regular Market Hours transactions in a particular System Security are likely to occur during a brief period following 9:30 a.m. ET, not precisely at 9:30 a.m. ET.
(10) The term "
marketable
" with respect to an Order to buy (sell) means that, at the time it is entered into the System, the Order is priced at the current Best Offer or higher (at the current Best Bid or lower).
(11) The term "
market participant identifier
" or "
MPID
" means a unique four-letter mnemonic assigned to each Participant in the Nasdaq Market Center. A Participant may have one or more than one MPID.
(12) The terms "
Best Bid
", "
Best Offer
", "
National Best Bid and National Best Offer
", "
Protected Bid
", "
Protected Offer
", "
Protected Quotation
" and "
Intermarket Sweep Order
" shall have the meanings assigned to them under Rule 600 under SEC Regulation NMS; provided, however, that the terms "Best Bid", "Best Offer", "Protected Bid", "Protected Offer", and "Protected Quotation" shall, unless otherwise stated, refer to the bid, offer, or quotation of a market center other than Nasdaq. The term "
NBBO
" shall mean the "National Best Bid and National Best Offer".
(13) The term "
minimum price increment
" means $0.01 in the case of a System Security priced at $1 or more per share, and $0.0001 in the case of a System Security priced at less than $1 per share.
(14) The term "
System Book Feed
" shall mean a data feed for System Securities, generally known as the TotalView ITCH feed.
(15) The term "
Exchange-Traded Product
" means a security listed on Nasdaq pursuant to Nasdaq Rules 5703, 5704, 5705, 5710, 5711, 5713, 5715, 5720, 5735, 5745, 5750 or 5760.
(16) The term “Equity Data Plans” shall mean the effective national market system plans that govern the collection, consolidation, processing and dissemination of equity market data for NMS stocks and oversee the exclusive securities information processors (“SIPs”), including (1) the Consolidated Tape Association Plan (“CTA Plan”), (2) the Consolidated Quotation Plan (“CQ Plan”), (3) the Joint Self-Regulatory Organization Plan Governing the Collection, Consolidation and Dissemination of Quotation and Transaction Information for Nasdaq- Listed Securities Traded on Exchanges on an Unlisted Trading Privileges Basis (“UTP Plan”), (4) the CT Plan established by the Limited Liability Company Agreement of CT Plan LLC, and (5) any successor thereto to the named Plans.
(17) The term “Business Day” shall mean any Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday or Friday other than any of the following U.S. holidays if they are celebrated on a Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday or Friday: New Year's Day, Martin Luther King Jr. Day, Presidents' Day, Good Friday, Memorial Day, Juneteenth National Independence Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Thanksgiving Day and Christmas Day ET, or such other U.S. holiday(s) as published by the Exchange from time to time.
(18) The term “Day Session” means the time between 4:00 a.m. ET and 8:00 p.m. ET on Business Days, during which period the Pre-Market Hours, Regular Market Hours and Post-Market Hours are in operation.
(19) The term “Night Session” shall mean the time between 9:00 p.m. on one calendar day through 4:00 a.m. the next calendar day Sunday through Thursday provided that each such next calendar day is a Business Day. For the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Rules, the Exchange shall not commence operation of the Night Session unless the Equity Data Plans (1) have established a mechanism to collect, consolidate, process and disseminate quotation and transaction information at all times during the Night Session that is equivalent to the mechanism established for Exchange trading hours during Regular Market Hours, and (2) have provided the Exchange with notification that they are prepared to collect, consolidate, process and disseminate quotation and transaction information to accommodate the Night Session. Prior to commencing operation during the Night Session, the Exchange will file a proposed rule change pursuant to Section 19(b) of the Exchange Act and the rules thereunder to amend its rules confirming that the Exchange is able to comply with its obligations under the Exchange Act and the rules thereunder during the Night Session and that such Equity Data Plans are prepared to collect, consolidate, process and disseminate quotation and transaction information at all times during the Night Session (“Night Session Proposed Rule Change”). If the Night Session Proposed Rule Change is not filed within 18 months of the SEC’s approval of this proposed rule change, the Exchange will promptly file a proposed rule change to remove the rules that apply to the Night Session.
(20) The term “Pre-Market Hours” means that subset of the Day Session comprising the trading session that begins at 4:00 a.m. and continues until 9:30 a.m. on Business Days.
(21) Except as otherwise provided in Rule 4120, the term “Post-Market Hours” means that subset of the Day Session comprising the trading session that begins at 4:00 p.m. and that continues until 8:00 p.m. on Business Days.
(22) Except as otherwise provided in Rule 4120, the term “Regular Market Hours” means that subset of the Day Session comprising the trading session that begins at 9:30 am. and continues until 4:00 p.m. on Business Days.
(23) The term “Extended Hours” means the hours outside of Regular Market Hours and specifically comprising the hours during which Pre-Market Hours, Post-Market Hours, and Night Session are in operation.
Adopted Dec. 6, 2019 (SR-NASDAQ-2019-098); amended Nov. 23, 2020 (SR-NASDAQ-2020-079); amended May 20, 2025 (SR-NASDAQ-2025-011), operative Jul. 2, 2025; amended March 18, 2026 (SR-NASDAQ-2025-072); amended Apr. 10, 2026 (SR-NASDAQ-2025-109); amended Apr. 7, 2026 (SR-NASDAQ-2026-029).
Nasdaq
What is Nasdaq?
Newsroom
Investor Relations
Careers
Public Policy Advocacy
On the Issues
Nasdaq Filings
Economic Signals
Corporate Solutions
Intelligence
Communications
Governance
Visibility
Related Links
Issuer Alerts
Listing Rules
/
Rule Filings
MarketWatch Electronic Disclosure
Nasdaq
Online
Symbol Reservation
Nasdaq's US Listing Center is powered by ExACT
SM
, our Exchange Analysis and Compliance Tracking system
SM
© 2017-2022, Nasdaq, Inc. All Rights Reserved |
Privacy Statement
|
Terms and Conditions
The Nasdaq Stock Market, Nasdaq, The Nasdaq Global Select Market, The Nasdaq Global Market, The Nasdaq Capital Market, ExACT and Exchange Analysis and Compliance Tracking system are trademarks of Nasdaq, Inc.
FINRA
®
and Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.
®
are registered trademarks of Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.